Add worker isolation docs, update limits/pricing pages, and remove old changelog page (#24275)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/platform/worker-isolation.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Worker Isolation
sidebar:
  order: 1

---

### Untrusted Mode (Default)

By default, Workers inside of a dispatch namespace are considered "untrusted." This provides the strongest isolation between Workers and is best in cases where your customers have control over the code that's being deployed.

In untrusted mode:

- The [`request.cf`](/workers/runtime-apis/request/#incomingrequestcfproperties) object is not available in Workers (see [limits](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/platform/limits/#cf-object) for more information)

> - Each Worker has an isolated cache space when using the Cache API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each Worker has an isolated cache (when using the [Cache API](/workers/runtime-apis/cache/) or when making subrequests using `fetch()`, which egress via [Cloudflare's cache](/cache/)
```

> - Workers cannot access cached responses from other Workers in the namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

✂️ because part of above

- [`caches.default`](/workers/reference/how-the-cache-works/#cache-api) is disabled for all Workers in the namespace

This mode ensures complete isolation between customer Workers, preventing any potential cross-tenant data access. 

### Trusted Mode

> If you control the Worker code and want to disable isolation mode, you can configure the namespace as "trusted".

Reviewer: How?

Reviewer: Example of when I _should_ use this?

ex: if I'm using this to build a platform for internal teams within my company (or something)

In trusted mode:

- The [`request.cf`](/workers/runtime-apis/request/#incomingrequestcfproperties) object becomes available, providing access to request metadata
- All Workers in the namespace share the same cache space when using the Cache API

:::note
In trusted mode, Workers can potentially access cached responses from other Workers in the namespace. Only enable this if you control all Worker code or have appropriate cache key isolation strategies.
::: 

### Maintaining cache isolation in trusted mode
If you need access to `request.cf` but want to maintain cache isolation between customers, use customer-specific [cache keys](/workers/examples/cache-using-fetch/#custom-cache-keys) or the [Cache API](/workers/examples/cache-api/) with isolated keys. 

> To convert a namespace from untrusted to trusted:

Reviewer: Maybe this is supposed to be above, before the heading on L35?
